OK, so in this video, we're going to implement the on save functionality for our profile content.
Now, luckily, we've put in pretty much all the work there is to it for this functionality since in
our eye IG view model.
OK, in our view model, we have a function called create or update profile.
So what we want to do is we want to use this function to update our information for name, username
and bio.
We're not going to touch the image URL in this situation because we don't have an image URL yet.
We just have these three fields that are updatable here name, username and bio.
All right, so let's go ahead and implement that in our IG view model.
I'm going to just create a public function down below.
Fun update profile data that takes a name of type string, a username of type string and a bio of type
string.
And this one simply calls create or update profile.
Now this is a private function, and I'm going to leave it like that simply because this contains the
business functionality that we don't want really to expose to our users.
If we extend the application, then you know, it's safer to separate the public function from the private
operation.
So I'm going to use this create or update profile call, and I'm going to say name, username and bio.
OK, so we have that now let's go to our profile in unsafe, we're going to save GM Dot, what did we
call it?
Update profile data with name, username and bio.
OK.
So that's pretty much all we need to do that should update our information in the backend Firebase UI
API.
Sorry.
So let's go ahead and run the code and test out our new functionality.
Let's see if we actually get some new data in the backend firebase.
So here I have my user, Johnny John, as a username and bio.
So let's have a look.
Now, edit profile the name, let's change that to John.
Username John Wick.
And this is the account of John Wick.
Why not?
All right, so let's go ahead and save.
We get the spinner and you can see here that the information has been updated.
John John Wick and the bio.
So that is basically all there is to it.
Since we've already done the work to update this firestorm information than simply calling the function
and getting the new data is all we need to do here.
So that's it for this video in the next one, I think we will work a bit on the user image since we
want to be able to upload an image for our user.